We're all a little OCD sometimes.
What’s wrong with you. no normal person needs to take meds to do this.
Don’t be sad ur a superhero!! U have a magic power wooo! Adhd people accomplish things all the time!! Just try harder to pay attention!!
Just stop using this adhd thing as an excuse
Autism isn’t a disability, it’s a different ability.
You need to make more eye contact.
Autism is so over-diagnosed these days.
So, you're like Sheldon then?
You're nothing like the other autistic child I know, he's much worse.
It's not your fault, the autism must've been caused by the vaccines.
If you're high functioning then you can just learn to be normal.
Isn't everyone on the spectrum really?
You shouldn't do art because you're visually impaired.
How are you on Facebook if you have vision issues?
You can't have light-sensitive migraines if you're blind.
Why don't you just get better glasses?
We should get you one of those leashes to make sure you don't wander off.
How do you find the hole during sex?
How are you blind if you don't know braille?
Wow your fashion sense is amazing even though you can't see.
Lose some weight and I bet that pain and weakness will subside.
You look fine, why are you wasting a disabled parking spot?
You need to love yourself, love heals pain.
Why can't you take a sitting job?
But you're so young to be on all this medication!
Have you tried advil or tylenol?
You can obviously hear, you're just pretending to be deaf.
You are muteboxes.
It's so funny when you flap your hands.
Oh so you're like Helen Keller?
Depression is not a disability.
If you want to be happy, you just have to train your mind to be happy.
Well you need to leave that at home and not bring it to work.
I guess they make a pill for everything these days.
Wow you're so brave for living with a disability.
It's amazing how positive you are!
It's great that you have a partner, even though you're disabled.
I pray that God takes away your wheelchair forever!
Wow, you are so lucky that the government helped you get a job.
I would kill myself if I was disabled like you.
If disabled people don't reproduce, then disability will disappear.
What is wrong with you?
Awww you get to have your very own ‘fault in our stars’ romance!
Does your reproductive system work properly?
Are you sure your partner loves you?
You should learn to be happy for other people.
You are the r-word.
If you were vegan, you wouldn't be disabled.
If I see another disabled person, I will use all my weapons.
All people with disabilities are defective.
Disabled people are selfish because they want to be protected.
It would be very hard to date you.
You need to stay home forever.
I'll try to find where you are and cough into your mailbox.
Your life is just suffering.
It's survival of the fittest.
I don't think some disabled people should reproduce, it's very selfish.
Aww, I feel so bad for your children.
Are you sure you're not just doing this for attention?
You can manage to set up a tent at a farmer's market, and yet you say you have a disability, fake a** people.
The world isn't going to change for you, you need to stop being sensitive.
Don't let your disability define you!
Remember, some people in the world have it worse than you.
You shouldn't let your disability hold you back.
You should be content with what you have.
I attended a charity for your disability once, it was very motivating.
You just need to find some devotees to love you.
If you work hard in school, you could even be a Walmart greeter one day!
You just need to exercise and eat more protein.
There's a difference between being dyslexic and not knowing grammar.
So... you have a mental capacity of a 10 year old?
It's not fair to other kids that you get extra time for your exam.
You're not going to succeed in STEM with dyscalculia.
I'm shocked you can't solve something so simple.
You are not smart because you're on a wheelchair.
You should wear something that covers your body more.
How do you pee if you're on a wheelchair?
Does being physically disabled also make you dumb?
Life is not worth living if you can't walk.
Can we get a picture without the wheelchair?
Your prosthetic leg is so hot.
I don't think people who say hewwo should be allowed to vote because they are not mature enough.
You can get disability tax credit if you stutter.
You don't have a speech problem, you just lack self-esteem.
I read that most serial killers have speech disfluencies which makes them violent.
We need to consider the needs of disabled folks in our urban planning
How can I accomodate your needs during the event?
Let me know if you need help!
I'm sorry that my website doesn't have alt-text, I will add this asap.
Aww your service dog is so cute, but also looks like it could pack a strong bite.
Reddit is so toxic sometimes.
Why don't you eat chocolate if you like it so much?
I get hyperfocused on the things I'm interested in. 
Why is the peach emoji so weird lol
Do you have time to help me or are you hyper focusing right now?
I could never afford to be a stoner, problems of broke people
Cochlear implants were an amazing game changer for me.
these new instagram features are confusing the shit out of me
that haircut looks so bad, but I don't want to dismiss your friends feelings
Do you need closed captioning?